Description: 
This program incorporates a free novel .txt file (available throough Project Gutenberg), reading the file and creating
files to be used in novel visualization and word frequency programs, as well as processed through an online word cloud
creator to create a png file that is also present in this project.

** add description

Anakaren Salinas worked on creating the novel visualization processing file, which consists of as many 
random words from uniquewords as possible (while still being legible and having margins) being drawn on 
the screen. The colors are inspired by the gothic colors of dracula, and consist of a bright blood red,
a more neutral dark maroon, and a light cream (inspired by very pale vampire skin) on a black background.
In order to make the blood red stand out and have more contrast, only the words with less than 5 letters
were filled with red, with the more neutral colors making up the rest of the longer words. The font chosen,
Trattatello (.ttf included in a3_novelvisualization) is a font that looks old fashioned and a bit gothic,
fitting the Dracula theme. In order to add the words, while the y location of the words is less than the
height minus some padding amount, it is determined if the word fits within the width, and it it doesn't a 
new line is made and it is added there.

Wyatt Peters worked on the python file to generate the other text files necessary for the other parts of
the assignment as well as the online word cloud. For the online word cloud, a coffin was chosen to keep up 
with the Dracula theme as the overall shape of the word cloud and font choices were chosen based on keeping
up with a theme that looks old fashioned and a little spooky. Color choices were red, light red, black, and
beige to represent a classical vampire color palette. 

Benjamin Chang worked on the word frequency visualization and tried to do a chloropleth map to utilize circle sizes 
to demonstrate the frequency. He couldn’t get that to work, so he did the bar chart and added a red fill color 
to reflect the Dracula book chosen. 
